# Introduction #

This would be about understanding the stack. The fun thing about a stack game is that you can represent the elements of the stack with sundry physical objects: plates, pancakes, sombreros! So, let's assume I were to implement it with a sombrero stack (if I only did it that way then I would maybe change the game name, but I think I would probably want to change the representative object between rounds). One of the things to do in the sombrero stage will be to "go loco!" and change from the stack growing top to bottom to a stack growing bottom to top, left to right, or right to left, just to keep people mentally flexible :D.

# Game Design #

Generally speaking, I would expect that the way this game would work is that you would have some literal values like 0xdeadbeef, 0xcafebabe, etc (culled from the hex words list), printed on the stack items. Then there would be be questions like "Find the address of 0xdeadbeef" on the top of the screen. The player would then be able to mix and match from two columns of values in order to find the correct address. The first column would always be "ebp+", "ebp-", "esp+", and "esp-", and the second column would be constants like 0x0, 0x4, 0x8, 0xC, etc. There would also be little arrows pointing to entries saying esp-> and ebp->. To start with ebp might always be at the top of the stack and esp always at the bottom. Then eventually there might be things at ebp+ something, to indicate function parameters. But I think I would limit it so that at least for tutorial purposes esp- something is never valid (yes, this could occur in obfuscated code, but that's a topic for later understanding)

In the first round you would probably make it extra easy on them by having it so that after they've picked their ebp/esp+/- and then they hover over the constants, it will put a subtle little dot next to which entry that address would correspond to. It wouldn't be something called out, it would just be there for if they notice it, because you want them to be able to ignore it if they don't want to use it. But then that dot would go away in round 2. Then maybe in round 3 I would want to introduce asked-for values which can **only** be gotten relative to ebp or esp, but not both given the constants which are displayed. This potentially forces them to quickly re-calculate if they happened to pick wrong the first time. Then eventually in a later round you would want to change it so that there are linux or windows appropriate real addresses to the side of instructions, and then they have to click on the right address when given a value like esp+8 (you could also have them type it in for non-GUI versions.)

# Code Repository Path #

http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/source/browse/trunk/TheOtherESPGame/perldemo/